docs: :memo: add organization design landing page (#185)
seedcase-project/design: organisation/index.qmd

---
title: "Organisation"
---

> These pages describe our organisation design, specifically in the design
> of how we collaborate together and how work is structured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These pages describe our organisational design, specifically focusing 
on how we collaborate and structure our work.
```

Author: It isn't called "organizational design", it is "organization design". The design of an organization. Like software design or data design. See https://www.organizationdesign.net/

Reviewer: Oh, okay. I just thought it sounded off 🤷‍♀️

## Values

{{< include /includes/_values-preamble.qmd >}}

-   *How* we work is as important as *what* we make or do

-   Work that is visible and open is easier to participate in, engage
    with, and contribute to

-   Openness and transparency lead to better collaboration and products

-   Being explicit is better than being implicit

-   Prescriptive methods are easier to use than descriptive ones[^1]

-   Small consistent improvements are more impactful over time than big
    irregular ones

-   Human interactions and emotions are as important as products and

>     outputs

Reviewer: 🫶

> -   Investing in the future will give better outcomes than thinking too
>     short-term

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Investing in the future will give better outcomes than thinking
    short-term
```

> [^1]: An example of a descriptive approach would be describing how to
>     create a folder structure for a project and possibles names for
>     files while a prescriptive approach would be giving a template
>     folder structure that one uses and follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: An example of a prescriptive approach would be giving a template
    folder structure that one uses and follows while a descriptive approach
    would be describing how to create a folder structure for a project with
    possibles names for files.
```
Just so it follows the same order as the value (first prescriptive, then descriptive).

## Principles

We have a set of principles influenced by our values for different
aspects of our work, like [teams](teams.qmd),
[collaboration](collaboration.qmd), and
[contributions](contribution.qmd). For all of them, we have these two
general principles:

-   Use established standards and practices where possible and as
    appropriate.

-   Be flexible and open to modern, newer tools or process, even when
    they aren't widely used, as long as there is a strong rationale for
    it.

## Design patterns

> Design patterns common solutions to problems. We use these patterns for
> how we organise ourselves and our work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design patterns are common solutions to problems. We use these patterns
to organise ourselves and our work:
```

-   All content is put into GitHub repositories, the default being public
    rather than private.

> -   One GitHub repository corresponds to one product and is at the root
>     of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   One GitHub repository corresponds to one product that is located
    at the root of the repository.
```

> -   A project is when a team works to complete one product's "milestone"
>     or "deliverable".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A "project" is one product's "milestone" or "deliverable".
```
Maybe include a footnote elaborating on "milestone" and "deliverable"?

> -   Each team works on only project at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Our team works on only project at a time.
```
Sounds like we're multiple teams otherwise? :)

Author: We kinda are multiple teams :stuck_out_tongue: in one organization :stuck_out_tongue: For instance, me and you do teaching (a teaching team)
